fix: do not override electron debug port if previously set (#27169)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed issues where commands would fail with the error `must only be invoked from the spec file or support file`. Fixes [#27149](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/27149) and [#27163](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/27163).
- Fixed an issue where chrome was not recovering from browser crashes properly. Fixes [#24650](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24650).
- Fixed a race condition that was causing a GraphQL error to appear on the [Debug page](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/cloud/runs#Debug) when viewing a running Cypress Cloud build. Fixed in [#27134](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/27134).

> - Fixed an issue to prevent the debug port for Electron that was passed in with the ELECTRON_EXTRA_LAUNCH_ARGS environment variable from getting overridden. Addresses [#26711](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26711).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a value for the Electron debug port would not be respected if defined using the `ELECTRON_EXTRA_LAUNCH_ARGS` environment variable. Fixes [#26711](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26711).
```
